Create documentation for the Astro trial process (#1884)
astronomer/docs: astro/start-your-astro-trial.md

---
title: 'Start your Astro trial'
id: start-your-astro-trial
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

Welcome to Astro! This guide has everything you need to get started with Astronomer's fully managed Airflow service. 

## Activate your trial

Visit `cloud.astronomer.io/onboarding` to activate your 14 day trial. You'll be asked to create an Astro account with an email and password.

## Create an Organization and Workspace

After you create your user account, you'll be asked to create an Organization and your first Workspace. 

> An **Organization** is the highest level of management on Astro. For companies using Astro, all Airflow environments belong to a single Organization. An Organization contains **Workspaces**, which are collections of Airflow environments that are typically owned by a single team or function. 

Author: ```suggestion
An **Organization** is the highest level of management on Astro. All Airflow environments belong to a single Organization. An Organization contains **Workspaces**, which are collections of Airflow environments that are typically owned by a single team or function. 
```

## Create an Astro cloud account and cluster

To run Airflow on your cloud, you'll need to set up an Astro cluster. An Astro cluster contains all of the components you need to spin up and run multiple Airflow environments at scale. Additionally, you'll need a dedicated account on your cloud that Astronomer can assume to manage your cluster resources. 

After you create your Organization and Workspace, Astro opens the homepage for your new Workspace. From here, click **Create Cluster**, then complete the setup for your cloud provider.

<Tabs
    defaultValue="aws"
    groupId= "create-a-cluster"
    values={[
        {label: 'AWS', value: 'aws'},
        {label: 'GCP', value: 'gcp'},
        {label: 'Azure', value: 'azure'},
    ]}>
<TabItem value="aws">

1. Create a dedicated [AWS account](https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/create-and-activate-aws-account/) for Astro. Astro uses this account to provision and manage your cluster resources. For security reasons, the install process is not currently supported on an AWS account that has other tooling running in it. Copy the Account ID for Step 3.

>     When creating your account, specify the following [EC2 service quotas](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ec2-resource-limits.html):

Author: Are these necessary for demo accounts? Can we abstract this somehow?

        sleep 60
        done
        echo "Registration Complete"
        az provider register --namespace Microsoft.Compute
        ```

    </TabItem>

    <TabItem value="powershell">

    1. Run the following command to log in to your Azure account:
    
        ```sh
        Connect-AzAccount
        ```
    
    2. Run the following command to select your Azure subscription:
    
        ```sh
        Set-AzContext -SubscriptionId <subscription-id>
        ```

    3. Run the following command to create the Astronomer service principal:
    
        ```sh
        $sp = New-AzADServicePrincipal -AppId a67e6057-7138-4f78-bbaf-fd9db7b8aab0
        ```

    4. Run the following commands to get details about the Azure subscription and create a new role assignment for the Astronomer service principal:
    
        ```sh
        $sp = Get-AzADServicePrincipal -ApplicationId a67e6057-7138-4f78-bbaf-fd9db7b8aab0
        ```

        ```sh
        $subid = (Get-AzContext).Subscription.id
        ```

        ```sh
        $ra = New-AzRoleAssignment -ObjectId $sp.id -RoleDefinitionName Owner -Scope "/subscriptions/$subid"

>         ```
>     5. Run the following commands to register the `EncryptionAtHost` feature:

Author: ```suggestion
        ```

    5. Run the following commands to register the `EncryptionAtHost` feature:
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="azure">

1. Create a dedicated [Azure subscription](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dynamics-nav/how-to--sign-up-for-a-microsoft-azure-subscription) for Astro. Astro uses this account to provision and manage your cluster resources. The subscription must be included in an Azure management group that doesn't apply Azure policies. See [What are Azure management groups](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/governance/management-groups/overview). Copy the subscription ID for step 5.

2. In the Azure portal for your subscription, find and copy your [Azure Tenant ID](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/fundamentals/active-directory-how-to-find-tenant#find-tenant-id-through-the-azure-portal) for step 4.

3. Grant Astronomer access to your Azure subscription through either the Azure CLI or Powershell.

    <Tabs
        defaultValue="azure"
        groupId= "create-a-cluster"
        values={[
            {label: 'Azure CLI on Bash', value: 'azure'},
            {label: 'PowerShell', value: 'powershell'},
        ]}>
    <TabItem value="azure">

    1. Run the following command to log in to your Azure account:
    

>         ```sh
>         az login
>         ```
>     2. Run the following command to select your Azure subscription:
>     
>         ```sh
>         az account set -s <subscription-id>
>         ```
>     3. Run the following command to add the Astronomer Service Principal to Azure AD:
>     
>         ```sh
>         az ad sp create --id a67e6057-7138-4f78-bbaf-fd9db7b8aab0
>         ```
>     4. Run the following commands to get details about the Azure subscription and create a new role assignment for the Astronomer service principal:
>     
>         ```sh
>         subid=$(az account show --query id --output tsv)
>         az role assignment create --assignee a67e6057-7138-4f78-bbaf-fd9db7b8aab0 --role Owner --scope /subscriptions/$subid
>         ```
>     5. Run the following commands to register the `EncryptionAtHost` feature:
>     

Author: ```suggestion
        ```sh
        az login
        ```

    2. Run the following command to select your Azure subscription:
    
        ```sh
        az account set -s <subscription-id>
        ```

    3. Run the following command to add the Astronomer Service Principal to Azure AD:
    
        ```sh
        az ad sp create --id a67e6057-7138-4f78-bbaf-fd9db7b8aab0
        ```

    4. Run the following commands to get details about the Azure subscription and create a new role assignment for the Astronomer service principal:
    
        ```sh
        subid=$(az account show --query id --output tsv)
        az role assignment create --assignee a67e6057-7138-4f78-bbaf-fd9db7b8aab0 --role Owner --scope /subscriptions/$subid
        ```

    5. Run the following commands to register the `EncryptionAtHost` feature:
    
```

---
title: 'Start your Astro trial'
id: start-your-astro-trial
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

> Welcome to Astro! This guide has everything you need to get started with Astronomer's fully managed Airflow service. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 This guide will help you get started with Astro, the fully managed Airflow service. 
```

Reviewer: Do we need to specify prerequisites before moving to the procedures?

## Activate your trial

> Visit `cloud.astronomer.io/onboarding` to activate your 14 day trial. You'll be asked to create an Astro account with an email and password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visit `cloud.astronomer.io/onboarding` to activate your 14 day trial. To create your Astro account, you'll need to provide a valid email address and create a password.
```

## Create an Organization and Workspace

After you create your user account, you'll be asked to create an Organization and your first Workspace. 

> An **Organization** is the highest level of management on Astro. All Airflow environments belong to a single Organization. An Organization contains **Workspaces**, which are collections of Airflow environments that are typically owned by a single team. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An **Organization** is the highest Astro management  level. All Airflow environments belong to a single Organization. An Organization contains **Workspaces**, which are collections of Airflow environments that are typically owned by a single team. 
```

> For your trial, feel free to use any name for your Organization and first Workspace. You can always update these names from the Cloud UI after you finish activating your trial. If you're planning to migrate your data pipelines straight away to Astro, Astronomer recommends naming your Workspace after your data team or core function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During your trial, you can use any name for your Organization and first Workspace. You can update these names in the Cloud UI after you finish activating your trial. If you're going to migrate your data pipelines to Astro immediately, Astronomer recommends naming your Workspace after your data team or core function.
```

## Create an Astro cloud account and cluster

> To run Airflow on your cloud, you'll need to set up an Astro cluster. An Astro cluster contains all of the components you need to spin up and run multiple Airflow environments at scale. Additionally, you'll need a dedicated account on your cloud that Astronomer can assume to manage your cluster resources. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run Airflow on your cloud, you'll need to set up an Astro cluster. An Astro cluster contains all of the components you need to create and run multiple Airflow environments at scale. Additionally, you'll need a dedicated account on your cloud that Astronomer can access to manage your cluster resources. 
```
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/104205257/218469967-7c3cdd7d-3aa3-4986-b082-59d1af1e5d6a.png)

> After you create your Organization and Workspace, Astro opens the homepage for your new Workspace. From here, click **Create Cluster**, then complete the setup for your cloud provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you've created your Organization and Workspace, your new Workspace homepage appears. Click **Create Cluster** and then complete the setup for your cloud provider.
```
Astro can't open a homepage.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/104205257/218471104-dd3ec0b2-3863-4dc7-b30b-20e8855e46d9.png)

<Tabs
    defaultValue="aws"
    groupId= "create-a-cluster"
    values={[
        {label: 'AWS', value: 'aws'},
        {label: 'GCP', value: 'gcp'},
        {label: 'Azure', value: 'azure'},
    ]}>
<TabItem value="aws">

> 1. Create a dedicated [AWS account](https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/create-and-activate-aws-account/) for Astro. Astro uses this account to provision and manage your cluster resources. For security reasons, the install process is not currently supported on an AWS account that has other tooling running in it. Copy the Account ID for Step 3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a dedicated [AWS account](https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/create-and-activate-aws-account/) for Astro. Astro uses this account to provision and manage your cluster resources. For security reasons, the install process is not currently supported on an AWS account that has other tooling running in it. 

2. Copy the Account ID for Step 3.
```
I am concerned that this might be missed _and_ it's a separate action.

    When creating your account, specify the following [EC2 service quotas](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ec2-resource-limits.html):
    
    | QuotaCode  | QuotaName                                                        | Minimum Value  |
    | -----------| ---------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------|
    | L-1216C47A | Running On-Demand Standard (A, C, D, H, I, M, R, T, Z) instances | 40             |
    | L-34B43A08 | All Standard (A, C, D, H, I, M, R, T, Z) Spot Instance Requests  | 40             |
    
    These quotas ensure a smooth onboarding experience on Astro. If you need to modify or increase a specific quota, see Amazon’s documentation on [requesting a quota increase](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/servicequotas/latest/userguide/request-quota-increase.html).

2. On the Astro cluster creation screen, click **Launch AWS stack creation**. A window to AWS CloudFormation opens. 
   

> 3. In CloudFormation, enter your Astro AWS account ID in **AstroAccountId**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In AWS CloudFormation, enter your Astro AWS account ID in **AstroAccountId**.
```

> 4. Click **Create stack**. AWS creates a cross-account IAM Role that gives Astronomer admin access to the Astro AWS account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Click **Create stack**. A cross-account Identity and Access Management (IAM) role is created to provide Astronomer support with administrator access to the Astro AWS account.
```
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/104205257/218473853-231030de-ef17-4c19-9119-81eafcbc2203.png)

> 5. Back on the cluster creation screen in the Cloud UI, enter your Astro AWS account ID in **AWS Account ID**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. In the Cloud UI cluster creation screen, enter your Astro AWS account ID in **AWS Account ID**.
```

> 6. In **Region**, select the region that you want to host your cluster in. For trials, Astronomer recommends choosing the region that's closest to you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. In the **Region** list , select the region where your cluster will be hosted. For trials, Astronomer recommends choosing the region that's closest to you.
```

> 7. Optional. Click **Advanced** and configure a VPC subnet range for Astro to connect to your AWS account through VPC peering. 
>    
> 8. Click **Create cluster**. 

Author: ```suggestion
8. Optional. Click **Advanced** and configure a VPC subnet range for Astro to connect to your AWS account through VPC peering. 
   
9. Click **Create cluster**. 
```

> 9. Wait for Astronomer to finish creating the cluster. You'll receive a notification from your user email once the process is complete. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. Wait for Astronomer to finish creating the cluster. You'll receive an email notification when the process is complete. 
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="gcp">

> 1. Create a dedicated [Google Cloud project](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/creating-managing-projects) for Astro with billing enabled. Astro uses this account to provision and manage your cluster resources. For security reasons, the install process is not currently supported on a Google Cloud project that has other tooling running in it. Copy the project ID for step 4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a dedicated [Google Cloud project](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/creating-managing-projects) for Astro with billing enabled. Astro uses this account to provision and manage your cluster resources. For security reasons, the install process is not currently supported on a Google Cloud project that has other tooling running in it. 

2. Copy the project ID for step 4.
```
I am concerned that this might be missed _and_ it's a separate action.

> 2. On the cluster creation screen in the Cloud UI, click **Launch Google Cloud Shell**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the Cloud UI, click **Launch Google Cloud Shell** on the cluster creation screen.
```

> 3. In your cloud shell, run `/bootstrap.sh` and follow the steps to grant Astro access to your GCP project. 

Author: ```suggestion
4. In your cloud shell, run `/bootstrap.sh` and follow the steps to grant Astro access to your GCP project. 
```

> 4. Back on the cluster creation screen in the Cloud UI, enter your GCP Project ID in **GCP Project ID**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. In the Cloud UI cluster creation screen, enter your GCP Project ID in **GCP Project ID**.
```

> 5. In **Region**, select the region that you want to host your cluster in. For trials, Astronomer recommends choosing the region that's closest to you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. In the **Region** list, select the region where you want to host your cluster. For trials, Astronomer recommends choosing the region that's closest to you.
```

   
6. Optional. Click **Advanced** and configure VPC subnet ranges for Astro to connect to your GCP project through VPC peering. 
   
7. Click **Create cluster**. 
   

> 8. Wait for Astronomer to finish creating the cluster. You'll receive a notification from your user email once the process is complete. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Wait for Astronomer to finish creating the cluster. You'll receive an email notification when the process is complete. 
```

> 6. Optional. Click **Advanced** and configure VPC subnet ranges for Astro to connect to your GCP project through VPC peering. 
>    
> 7. Click **Create cluster**. 
>    
> 8. Wait for Astronomer to finish creating the cluster. You'll receive a notification from your user email once the process is complete. 

Author: ```suggestion
7. Optional. Click **Advanced** and configure VPC subnet ranges for Astro to connect to your GCP project through VPC peering. 
   
8. Click **Create cluster**. 
   
8. Wait for Astronomer to finish creating the cluster. You'll receive an email notification when the process is complete.
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="azure">

> 1. Create a dedicated [Azure subscription](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dynamics-nav/how-to--sign-up-for-a-microsoft-azure-subscription) for Astro. Astro uses this account to provision and manage your cluster resources. The subscription must be included in an Azure management group that doesn't apply Azure policies. See [What are Azure management groups](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/governance/management-groups/overview). Copy the subscription ID for step 5.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a dedicated [Azure subscription](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dynamics-nav/how-to--sign-up-for-a-microsoft-azure-subscription) for Astro. Astro uses this account to provision and manage your cluster resources. The subscription must be included in an Azure management group that doesn't apply Azure policies. See [What are Azure management groups](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/governance/management-groups/overview). 

2. Copy the subscription ID for step 5.
```
I am concerned that this might be missed and it's a separate action.

> 2. In the Azure portal for your subscription, find and copy your [Azure Tenant ID](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/fundamentals/active-directory-how-to-find-tenant#find-tenant-id-through-the-azure-portal) for step 4.

Reviewer: Isn't this the same as the proposed step 2 above? If so, consolidate the information. Also, check the other procedures for the same issue.

> 3. Grant Astronomer access to your Azure subscription through either the Azure CLI or Powershell.

Reviewer: Can we link to a procedure or topic that can help users with this?

        ```

    4. Run the following commands to get details about the Azure subscription and create a new role assignment for the Astronomer service principal:
    
        ```sh
        $sp = Get-AzADServicePrincipal -ApplicationId a67e6057-7138-4f78-bbaf-fd9db7b8aab0
        ```

        ```sh
        $subid = (Get-AzContext).Subscription.id
        ```

        ```sh
        $ra = New-AzRoleAssignment -ObjectId $sp.id -RoleDefinitionName Owner -Scope "/subscriptions/$subid"
        ```

    5. Run the following commands to register the `EncryptionAtHost` feature:
    
        ```sh
        Register-AzProviderFeature -FeatureName EncryptionAtHost -ProviderNamespace Microsoft.Compute
        while ( (Get-AzProviderFeature -FeatureName EncryptionAtHost -ProviderNamespace Microsoft.Compute).RegistrationState -ne "Registered") {echo "Still waiting for Feature Registration (EncryptionAtHost) to complete, this can take up to 15 minutes"; sleep 60} echo "Registration Complete"
        ```

        ```sh
        Register-AzResourceProvider -ProviderNamespace Microsoft.compute
        ```

    </TabItem>
    </Tabs>

> 4. Back on the cluster creation screen in the Cloud UI, enter your Azure Tenant ID in **Azure Tenant ID**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. In the Cloud UI cluster creation screen, enter your Azure Tenant ID in the **Azure Tenant ID** field.
```

> 5. Enter your Azure Subscription ID in **Azure Subscription ID**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Enter your Azure Subscription ID in **Azure Subscription ID** field.
```

> 6. In **Region**, select the region that you want to host your cluster in. For trials, Astronomer recommends choosing the region that's closest to you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. In the **Region** list, select the region where you want to host your cluster. For trials, Astronomer recommends choosing the region that's closest to you.
```

   
7. Optional. Click **Advanced** and configure a VPC subnet range for Astro to connect to your Azure subscription through VPC peering. 
   
8. Click **Create cluster**. 
   

> 9. Wait for Astronomer to finish creating the cluster. You'll receive a notification from your user email once the process is complete. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. Wait for Astronomer to finish creating the cluster.  You'll receive an email notification when the process is complete.  
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Deploy DAGs to Astro 

> After Astronomer creates your cluster, you're ready to start deploying and running DAGs on Astro! Follow these steps to get your first DAG up and running on Astro in under 30 minutes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After Astronomer creates your cluster, you're ready to start deploying and running DAGs on Astro. Complete the following tasks to get your first DAG up and running on Astro: 
```

1. [Install the Astro CLI](cli/install-cli.md). The Astro CLI is Astronomer's command line interface for testing Airflow both locally and on Astro.
2. [Create an Astro project](create-project.md). An Astro project contains all of the files you need to run Airflow, including example DAGs.
3. [Create a Deployment](create-deployment.md). A Deployment is Astronomer's mechanism for managing an Airflow deployment in your cluster.
4. [Deploy your Astro project](deploy-code.md). Use the Astro CLI to deploy code in just a few minutes. 

## Next steps

> After you get the hang of deploying code to Astro, see the following documentation for more information about Astro features and tools:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you've become more familiar with deploying code to Astro, see the following documentation for more information about Astro features and tools:
```

2. Copy the project ID for step 4.
   
3. In the Cloud UI, click **Launch Google Cloud Shell** on the cluster creation screen.
   
3. In your cloud shell, run `/bootstrap.sh` and follow the steps to grant Astro access to your GCP project. 
   
5. In the Cloud UI cluster creation screen, enter your GCP Project ID in **GCP Project ID**.
   
6. In the **Region** list, select the region where you want to host your cluster. For trials, Astronomer recommends choosing the region that's closest to you.
   
6. Optional. Click **Advanced** and configure VPC subnet ranges for Astro to connect to your GCP project through VPC peering. 
   
7. Click **Create cluster**. 
   
8. Wait for Astronomer to finish creating the cluster. You'll receive a notification from your user email once the process is complete. 

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="azure">

> 1. Create a dedicated [Azure subscription](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dynamics-nav/how-to--sign-up-for-a-microsoft-azure-subscription) for Astro. Astro uses this account to provision and manage your cluster resources. The subscription must be included in an Azure management group that doesn't apply Azure policies. See [What are Azure management groups](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/governance/management-groups/overview). Copy the subscription ID for step 5.
> 
> 2. In the Azure portal for your subscription, find and copy your [Azure Tenant ID](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/fundamentals/active-directory-how-to-find-tenant#find-tenant-id-through-the-azure-portal) for step 4.
> 
> 3. Grant Astronomer access to your Azure subscription through either the Azure CLI or Powershell.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Create a dedicated [Azure subscription](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dynamics-nav/how-to--sign-up-for-a-microsoft-azure-subscription) for Astro. Astro uses this account to provision and manage your cluster resources. The subscription must be included in an Azure management group that doesn't apply Azure policies. See [What are Azure management groups](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/governance/management-groups/overview).

2. Copy the subscription ID for step 5.

3. In the Azure portal for your subscription, find and copy your [Azure Tenant ID](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/fundamentals/active-directory-how-to-find-tenant#find-tenant-id-through-the-azure-portal) for step 5.

4. Grant Astronomer access to your Azure subscription through either the Azure CLI or Powershell.
```

        ```

        ```sh
        $subid = (Get-AzContext).Subscription.id
        ```

        ```sh
        $ra = New-AzRoleAssignment -ObjectId $sp.id -RoleDefinitionName Owner -Scope "/subscriptions/$subid"
        ```

    5. Run the following commands to register the `EncryptionAtHost` feature:
    
        ```sh
        Register-AzProviderFeature -FeatureName EncryptionAtHost -ProviderNamespace Microsoft.Compute
        while ( (Get-AzProviderFeature -FeatureName EncryptionAtHost -ProviderNamespace Microsoft.Compute).RegistrationState -ne "Registered") {echo "Still waiting for Feature Registration (EncryptionAtHost) to complete, this can take up to 15 minutes"; sleep 60} echo "Registration Complete"
        ```

        ```sh
        Register-AzResourceProvider -ProviderNamespace Microsoft.compute
        ```

    </TabItem>
    </Tabs>

4. Back on the cluster creation screen in the Cloud UI, enter your Azure Tenant ID in **Azure Tenant ID**.

5. Enter your Azure Subscription ID in **Azure Subscription ID**.
   
6. In **Region**, select the region that you want to host your cluster in. For trials, Astronomer recommends choosing the region that's closest to you.
   

> 7. Optional. Click **Advanced** and configure a VPC subnet range for Astro to connect to your Azure subscription through VPC peering. 
>    
> 8. Click **Create cluster**. 
>    
> 9. Wait for Astronomer to finish creating the cluster. You'll receive a notification from your user email once the process is complete. 

Author: ```suggestion
8. Optional. Click **Advanced** and configure a VPC subnet range for Astro to connect to your Azure subscription through VPC peering. 
   
9. Click **Create cluster**. 
   
10. Wait for Astronomer to finish creating the cluster.  You'll receive an email notification when the process is complete.  
```

---
title: 'Start your Astro trial'
id: start-your-astro-trial
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

>  This guide will help you get started with Astro, a fully managed Airflow service. 

Author: ```suggestion
Use this guide to get started with Astro, the fully managed Airflow service by Astronomer. 
```

## Activate your trial

> Visit `cloud.astronomer.io/onboarding` to activate your 14 day trial. To create your Astro user account, you'll need to provide a valid email address and create a password.

Author: ```suggestion
Visit `cloud.astronomer.io/onboarding` to activate your free 14 day trial. To create your Astro user account, you'll need to provide a valid email address and create a password.
```

An **Organization** is the highest Astro management level. All Airflow environments belong to a single Organization. An Organization contains **Workspaces**, which are collections of Airflow environments that are typically owned by a single team. 

During your trial, you can use any name for your Organization and first Workspace. You can update these names in the Cloud UI after you finish activating your trial. If you're going to migrate your data pipelines to Astro immediately, Astronomer recommends naming your Workspace after your data team or core function.

## Create an Astro cloud account and cluster

To run Airflow on your cloud, you'll need to set up an Astro cluster. An Astro cluster contains all of the components you need to create and run multiple Airflow environments at scale. Additionally, you'll need a dedicated account on your cloud that Astronomer can access. This account allows Astronomer to provision and manage your cluster resources. 

After you've created your Organization and Workspace, your new Workspace homepage appears. Click **Create Cluster** and then complete the setup for your cloud provider.

<Tabs
    defaultValue="aws"

>     groupId= "create-a-cluster"

Author: ```suggestion
    groupId= "create-an-astro-cloud-account-and-cluster"
```

    values={[
        {label: 'AWS', value: 'aws'},
        {label: 'GCP', value: 'gcp'},
        {label: 'Azure', value: 'azure'},
    ]}>
<TabItem value="aws">

1. Create a dedicated [AWS account](https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/create-and-activate-aws-account/) for Astro. Astro uses this account to provision and manage your cluster resources. For security reasons, the install process is not currently supported on an AWS account that has other tooling running in it. 

> 2. Copy the Account ID for Step 3.

Author: ```suggestion
2. Copy the **Account ID** for Step 3.
```

   
10. Wait for Astronomer to finish creating the cluster. You'll receive an email notification when the process is complete. 

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="gcp">

1. Create a dedicated [Google Cloud project](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/creating-managing-projects) for Astro with billing enabled. Astro uses this account to provision and manage your cluster resources. For security reasons, the install process is not currently supported on a Google Cloud project that has other tooling running in it. 

2. Copy the project ID for step 4.
   
3. In the Cloud UI, click **Launch Google Cloud Shell** on the cluster creation screen.
   
4. In your cloud shell, run `/bootstrap.sh` and follow the steps to grant Astro access to your GCP project. 
   
5. In the Cloud UI cluster creation screen, enter your GCP Project ID in **GCP Project ID**.
   
6. In the **Region** list, select the region where you want to host your cluster. For trials, Astronomer recommends choosing the region that's closest to you.
   
7. Optional. Click **Advanced** and configure VPC subnet ranges for Astro to connect to your GCP project through VPC peering. 
   
8. Click **Create cluster**. 
   

> 8. Wait for Astronomer to finish creating the cluster. You'll receive an email notification when the process is complete.

Author: ```suggestion
9. Wait for Astronomer to finish creating the cluster. You'll receive an email notification when the process is complete.
```

   
8. Optional. Click **Advanced** and configure a VPC subnet range for Astro to connect to your Azure subscription through VPC peering. 
   
9. Click **Create cluster**. 
   
10. Wait for Astronomer to finish creating the cluster.  You'll receive an email notification when the process is complete.  

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Deploy DAGs to Astro 

After Astronomer creates your cluster, you're ready to start deploying and running DAGs on Astro. Complete the following tasks to get your first DAG up and running on Astro: 

1. [Install the Astro CLI](cli/install-cli.md). The Astro CLI is Astronomer's command line interface for testing Airflow both locally and on Astro.
2. [Create an Astro project](create-project.md). An Astro project contains all of the files you need to run Airflow, including example DAGs.
3. [Create a Deployment](create-deployment.md). A Deployment is Astronomer's mechanism for managing an Airflow deployment in your cluster.
4. [Deploy your Astro project](deploy-code.md). Use the Astro CLI to deploy code in just a few minutes. 

## Next steps

> After you've become more familiar with deploying code to Astro, see the following documentation for more information about Astro features and tools:

Author: ```suggestion
After you've become more familiar with deploying DAGs to Astro, see the following documentation for more information about Astro features and tools:
```

To create a cluster, you first need a dedicated account with your cloud provider that Astronomer can access. This account allows Astronomer to fully manage the infrastructure resources required to run Airflow at scale for your team.

After you've created your Organization and Workspace, your new Workspace homepage appears. Click **Create Cluster** and then complete the setup for your cloud provider.

<Tabs
    defaultValue="aws"
    groupId= "create-an-astro-cloud-account-and-cluster"
    values={[
        {label: 'AWS', value: 'aws'},
        {label: 'GCP', value: 'gcp'},
        {label: 'Azure', value: 'azure'},
    ]}>
<TabItem value="aws">

1. Create a dedicated [AWS account](https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/create-and-activate-aws-account/) for Astro. Astro uses this account to provision and manage your cluster resources. For security reasons, you cannot currently create an Astro cluster within an AWS account that has other tooling running in it.

> 2. Copy the **Account ID** for Step 3.

Reviewer 2: shouldn't be necessary with the comment below. though i guess it's needed for step 6

    When creating your account, specify the following [EC2 service quotas](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ec2-resource-limits.html):
    
    | QuotaCode  | QuotaName                                                        | Minimum Value  |
    | -----------| ---------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------|
    | L-1216C47A | Running On-Demand Standard (A, C, D, H, I, M, R, T, Z) instances | 40             |
    | L-34B43A08 | All Standard (A, C, D, H, I, M, R, T, Z) Spot Instance Requests  | 40             |
    
    These quotas ensure a smooth onboarding experience on Astro. If you need to modify or increase a specific quota, see Amazon’s documentation on [requesting a quota increase](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/servicequotas/latest/userguide/request-quota-increase.html).

3. On the Astro cluster creation screen, click **Launch AWS stack creation**. 
   

> 4. In AWS CloudFormation, enter your Astro AWS account ID in **AstroAccountId**.

Reviewer 2: this isn't their account ID. this is OUR account ID and it's already prefilled by the link we use.

Reviewer 2: basically once they click that "Launch Stack Creation" button they don't have to do anything except click "Create stack"

> 5. Click **Create stack**. A cross-account Identity and Access Management (IAM) role is created to provide Astronomer support with administrator access to the Astro AWS account.

Reviewer 2: we are no longer using the admin role actually for the self-service BYOC flow, as of https://github.com/astronomer/astro/pull/9981

> 6. In the Cloud UI cluster creation screen, enter your Astro AWS account ID in **AWS Account ID**.

Reviewer 2: do we want to refer to the onboarding UI as "Cloud UI"?

Reviewer 2: maybe just say "your AWS account ID" rather than "your Astro AWS account ID"?

   
7. In the **Region** list, select the region where your cluster will be hosted. For trials, Astronomer recommends choosing the region that's closest to you.
   
8. Optional. Click **Advanced** and configure a VPC subnet range for Astro to connect to your AWS account through VPC peering. 
   
9. Click **Create cluster**. 
   
10. Wait for Astronomer to finish creating the cluster. You'll receive an email notification when the process is complete. 

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="gcp">

1. Create a dedicated [Google Cloud project](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/creating-managing-projects) for Astro with billing enabled. Astro uses this account to provision and manage your cluster resources. For security reasons, the install process is not currently supported on a Google Cloud project that has other tooling running in it. 

> 2. Copy the project ID for step 4.

Reviewer 2: this doesn't appear to be used in step 4. i think this should say step 5

   
3. In the Cloud UI, click **Launch Google Cloud Shell** on the cluster creation screen.
   

> 4. In your cloud shell, run `/bootstrap.sh` and follow the steps to grant Astro access to your GCP project. 

Reviewer 2: needs to be `./bootstrap.sh`

        ```sh
        $subid = (Get-AzContext).Subscription.id
        ```

        ```sh
        $ra = New-AzRoleAssignment -ObjectId $sp.id -RoleDefinitionName Owner -Scope "/subscriptions/$subid"
        ```

    5. Run the following commands to register the `EncryptionAtHost` feature:
    
        ```sh
        Register-AzProviderFeature -FeatureName EncryptionAtHost -ProviderNamespace Microsoft.Compute
        while ( (Get-AzProviderFeature -FeatureName EncryptionAtHost -ProviderNamespace Microsoft.Compute).RegistrationState -ne "Registered") {echo "Still waiting for Feature Registration (EncryptionAtHost) to complete, this can take up to 15 minutes"; sleep 60} echo "Registration Complete"
        ```

        ```sh
        Register-AzResourceProvider -ProviderNamespace Microsoft.compute
        ```

    </TabItem>
    </Tabs>

5. In the Cloud UI cluster creation screen, enter your Azure Tenant ID in the **Azure Tenant ID** field.

6. Enter your Azure Subscription ID in **Azure Subscription ID** field.
   
7. In the **Region** list, select the region where you want to host your cluster. For trials, Astronomer recommends choosing the region that's closest to you.
   

> 8. Optional. Click **Advanced** and configure a VPC subnet range for Astro to connect to your Azure subscription through VPC peering. 

Reviewer 2: nit: VPCs are called VNets in Azure
